docs(api): 2.28 features (blowout position, tip position, touch tip, etc.) (#20740)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/python-api/docs/building-block-commands/pipette-tips.md

*New in version 2.16*

The API automatically varies the tip drop location in the default trash container, or when you haven't specified a `location`, to help keep tips from piling up. Beginning with API version 2.28, you can add the optional `alternate_drop_location` argument to control the tip drop location in a specified `location`:

```python

> trash = protocol_context.load_trash_bin("A3")

Reviewer: Let's call this variable `secondary_trash` or something to show a more realistic example  (because why would you want to specify the drop tip args that you have below when just `drop_tip()` without args has the same behavior for default trash?)

Author: yep good call. adding to a commit

*New in version 2.16*

> Varying the tip drop location within a trash container can help keep tips from piling up in a single location. Beginning with API version 2.28, use the optional `alternate_drop_location` argument to vary the tip drop location: 

Reviewer: Tip drop alternation was already the default behavior if you were not specifying a location to drop your tips.

For example, this already drops tips in alternate locations-
```
trash = protocol_context.load_trash_bin("A3")
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip()
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip()
```

But this wasn't doing tip drop alternation:
```
trash = protocol_context.load_trash_bin("A3")
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip(location=trash)  # No alternation because a drop location is specified
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip(location=trash)  # No alternation because a drop location is specified
```
David's PR updates this behavior so that you can do tip drop alternation by specifying `alternate_drop_location=True` when you are specifying a location for tip dropping. So now this will do tip drop alternation-
```
trash = protocol_context.load_trash_bin("A3")
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip(location=trash, alternate_drop_location=True)
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip(location=trash, alternate_drop_location=True)
```

Author: Thanks for this description; this is really helpful! I made some updates to this entire section.

*New in version 2.16*

Varying the tip drop location within a trash container can help keep tips from piling up in a single location. Beginning with API version 2.28, use the optional `alternate_drop_location` argument to vary the tip drop location: 

```python
pipette.pick_up_tip() #picks up the next tip
pipette.drop_tip(
    alternate_drop_location=None)
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip(

>     alternate_drop_location=None)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pipette.pick_up_tip()  # picks up the next tip
pipette.drop_tip(alternate_drop_location=True)
pipette.pick_up_tip()
pipette.drop_tip(alternate_drop_location=True)
```
i believe this has to be set to `True`. `False` and `None` are the default behavior (drop all in one location)

these could also go on one line, they're short enough.

```
*New in version 2.28*

> In the example above, the pipette will drop each tip in a slightly different locations in the waste chute. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example above, the pipette will drop each tip in a slightly different locations in the default trash container. 
```
chute isn't specified in this code
